hi guys it's been Heath from lead guru
and in this video I'm going to talk to
you about Facebook's reach campaign
objective so there are third currently
thirteen different and campaign
objectives and when you select a
campaign objective you're basically
telling Facebook what it is that you're
looking for so if you select traffic or
video views or brand awareness or
conversions or whatever it is and that's
what Facebook's going to try and get you
that's what their algorithms are going
to optimize your campaigns for so
they're going to put your ads in front
of people that they think are most
likely to take your desired action
whether that's click on a link and come
through to your website whether that's
become a lead or watch a video of yours
whatever it is you're looking for now
when you select the reach campaign
objective you're sent to Facebook I want
you to put my ad in front of as many
people as possible now a lot of people
think that that's what Facebook's gonna
do anyway they're gonna put your ad in
front of as many people as possible for
obviously what you're paying for but
they're not so there are with them is
gonna work out for example that within
your target audience a certain sector of
that is highly likely to let's say
become a lead of yours so instead of
showing your ads to everyone within your
target audience they might show your ads
to that group of people three or four
times in a row before they start showing
it to everyone else
now with the reach objective you're
saying no no I don't want any of that I
don't want people to see my ad multiple
times I want it to be seen by as many
people within my target audience as
possible
so why would you want to select this
option other than simply you know
getting your brand out there getting
your message out there to as many people
as possible which is a benefit but I
think this is particularly useful if
you're running a timely promotion so
let's say for example you're running
like a flash sale or something to do
with like a holiday maybe it's something
to do with Easter or Christmas or
something like that where there's a time
limit on it well you want to make sure
that as many people within your target
audience see your ad for whatever it is
you're offering within that time window
you don't want Facebook between putting
that ad in front of the same person
again and again where that might work
best in other scenarios when you've got
a time window and type campaign that's
what I'd recommend testing the reach
objective of course you can test this
alongside the conversions objective and
some of the other options but definitely
give it a test I also like really like
this and for local businesses so often
local businesses will advertise to a
relatively small
audience because you know maybe they're
just advertising to within 5 or 10 miles
of their location and that might not be
very people particularly if you know you
you operate at rural area or somewhere
where the population density is quite
low so you want to make sure that as
many people within that area as possible
see you're at again particularly if
you're a local business and you're
combining it with something timely maybe
you're a restaurant and you've got you
know an offer on for Tuesday night or
something like that then reach objective
could definitely be the way to go as a
local business you don't want Facebook
to be putting your ad in front of and
the same people again and again and
again when your audiences are really
small you want to get it in front of as
many people as possible so those are a
couple of case studies where I really
recommend using the reach objective
that's where I've used it it's not
talked about very much of course like
all things Facebook advertising test it
against your other stuff so if you're
currently running a traffic campaign
don't just you know switch that straight
to reach duplicate that campaign give
half the budget to your traffic campaign
half the budget to reach campaign run is
a test see which performs better and
then make adjustments from there so
hopefully that's been useful if it has
let me know leave a comment below if
you've used to reach objective before
and it has or hasn't worked out for you
please leave a comment below to let us
know that'd be really really useful if
you liked the video please give it a
thumbs up subscribe to my youtube
channel I'll talk to you soon bye
you